Added guide to readme, for using obtainium for future updates (#184)
clragon/e1547: README.md

2. Open it on your Android device with a file manager
3. Click install

#### Using Obtainium

> 1. Install and open obtainium from [F-Droid](https://f-droid.org/en/packages/dev.imranr.obtainium.fdroid/) or from their [Github](https://github.com/ImranR98/Obtainium)
> 2. Click on "Add app" on the bottom app drawer
> 3. Paste https://github.com/clynamic/e1547/releases/ into the "App source URL*" field
> 4. Hit the add button, next to the App source URL field
> 5. Obtainium will shortly open a menu for you to install/update e1547, hit the install/update button
> 
> e1547 should now be installed and you should get automatic notifications about new releases.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Using Obtainium

1. Install and open obtainium from [F-Droid](https://f-droid.org/en/packages/dev.imranr.obtainium.fdroid/) or from their [Github](https://github.com/ImranR98/Obtainium)
2. Click on "Add app" on the bottom app drawer
3. Paste https://github.com/clynamic/e1547/releases/ into the "App source URL*" field
4. Hit the add button, next to the App source URL field
5. Hit the install button in the following menu

```
